!!Need a better skybox!!
Save UI appearance/materials
Make prompt hanger lines longer I can see their ends via the stage shadows lol
pause-load screen doesn't have the  updated saves before focusing
replace cirno on the pause screen..
Make camera bounds actually work when the rpg scene first loads

Prologue:
	"did not take kindly to outsiders" sounds weird
	"march a long 2 hours"
	"Lunar Invasion"
	"Of being a professional medicine peddler" ???


Village entrace:
	tree near entrance clips into building ver obviously
	Orb stutters as it enters scene, let it transition with blending?

	lower the orbs speech origin
	"Your entorage..." too long
	"It's those pricesses" too long

	Capitalize "Human Village?"

	Choices generally don't fit in the bubbles
	
	Text in exclamation bubbles not aligned the best

	"eradicated the boundary of simplicty" line too long

	Add spooky music to play when yukari mentions the gravity of the situation

	"Do as much talking as you can" too long
	"You will maximize" ---

	Reisen should have expressions as yukari flies off.
	Reisen should have expressions when yukari is speaking? (ie, shocked when she mentions the village being all cubes, annoyed when reimu blames her for the incident)

	Bold cough medicine, book store, and elixir

	Need better font for bolding
	Maybe change color for keywords?
	Village proper music shouldn't play until the school is reached

	Fence currently below ground level
	Fence currently has not collisionbox


	Can't immediately give the encyclopedia to keine even after getting it from akyu (first branch is newspaper and historybook)
	...wait how do I give the school teacher the encyclopedia (did we screwup somewhere with the historybook = encyclopedia?)

Village school:

	Capitalize tsukumogami?
		maybe need a script to hot replace across all files

	Eirin starts off with a "new dialogue" bubble, and can spawn a second one??
	We should use italics more liberally

	is this a sypmtom of the virus", add ?

	School fence needs hitbox
	school right wall doesn't reach border

	Never got dialogue of reisen remarking about the teleporter\
	Need sound effect for teleport zones

	pause shard menu should have a place for the shard's title

	Keine reisen talk about the humans being the blocks around them (there are no blocks)

	item sprites reappear on scene reload even if you've picked them up.d

Village crossroads:

Village business:
	Newspaper hint field not large enough
	Save point positioned unfortunately to allow text bubble clipping, move it forward
		Just change the save point prefab to make it very hard for the dialogue bubble to appear inside of it, maybe shrink its height

	Give reisen jump some sort of sfx


	Miyoi quest broken (no restored geidonteis)
		Dialogue also just links one into the other
	Miyoi expressions needs a do over (ie, she should smile when she says her name)
	PunctuatioN!!!


Village akyu:
	I really really like the lunar reisen cut in
	
	Generally give more of an indication that something is hiding to the left side?	

	The lunarreisen cube makes comments like she's not talking to reisen which is weird because she faces her

	punctuation of [leave] lines (universally across all scripts)



Village suzunaan: 

	Kogasa appearing sound effect and music!

	Kosuzu never mentions the history book in the original dialogue, I get confused towards the end of the cough medicine train of thouhgt

	decorate suzunan?


Village shack

	"So, to __be__ perfectly honest?"

	I didn't really get a sense of the "dimensionality reducer" jargon before talking to Nitori...

	Play a "weird sound effect" when nitori says weird sound? 
		




