Reisen: My name is Reisen Udonge’in Inaba. 

// debug to make things go faster [instruction] LoadVillage

I am a moon rabbit that abandoned the moon during the war between the Moon and the Earth. 

Now, I live as refugee in the fantastical lands of Gensokyo on Earth. 

My caretaker and master, Eirin Yagokoro, is also a fugitive of the moon. 
 


[instruction] Prologue1



For decades, we hid ourselves in the Bamboo Forest of the Lost, but due to a recent incident, we’re now living more openly with our neighbors. 

But of course, the Gensokyo natives are ever wary of outsiders. 

To prove our sincerity, we’ve been trying to build trust with the natives by offering Eirin’s miracle medicines made with Lunarian science. 

Every day, I march 2 long hours from our home in the bamboo grove to the nearby human village to work as a medicine peddler. 

“Speak concisely and don’t overstay your welcome.” 

In accordance with my master’s strict orders, I kept my interactions terse and professional. 



[instruction] Prologue2




Today, without fail, I woke up early in the morning to prepare for my trek to the village. 

Master Eirin was not present, but a neatly packaged bag of medicine lay waiting for me on her desk. 

Medicine in tow, I exited a silent house, whispering a quick “And I’m off.” 



[instruction] Prologue3




The bright spring sky flooded my vision as I stepped out of the thick bamboo forest. 

Devoid of clouds, the empty space overhead stretched like an artificial dome over the land. 

They say on days like these, you might be able to see the moon while the sun is out. 

My thoughts turned to my fellow moon rabbits who I had unexpectedly met again a few weeks ago. 


[instruction] Prologue4


The recent "Lunar Invasion" of Gensokyo… it was over now. 

Seeing such familiar faces, yet having to dismiss them because we were on opposing sides. 

Yes, I had to be a professional solider for the sake of Gensokyo. 

It felt like a wasted chance to catch up. 


[instruction] Prologue5
 

And now I’m back to the normal days of walking back-and-forth to the village again. 

Back to being a professional medicine peddler.
 
But when I crested the final hill leading to the village’s wooden gate entrance, 

The sight that awaited reminded me that here, on earthen lands of Gensokyo, 

Life is never without a dull moment. 



[instruction] FadeCg

 

But really, why do I have to be the one to get caught up in another incident? 

[instruction] LoadVillage