 

Nitori: Oh yeah, you said you were a Lunarian, right? 

Reisen: Ex-Lunarian. 

Nitori: What's your name? 

I'm <b>Nitori Kawashiro</b>. A Kappa, in case that concept is foreign to you. 

Reisen: Reisen Udonge'in Inaba. 

I know that much. I've been around for several decades already. 

Nitori: Is that so? 

I've never seen you around before. 

Reisen: I try to live a quiet life. 

Nitori: Well, show me Lunarian tech some time, okay? 

I doubt it holds a candle to Kappa technology, but I've always been curious.  

Reisen: Heh. I guess turtles in a well will always think they're the best in the world. 

... Hm? 

I recall master saying that Kappa were a proud species. 

Your tech isn't anywhere close to the moon's, 

But you have better stuff than the majority of Gensokyo. 

Why are you turning to Marisa for help? 

What about the rest of your Kappa friends? 

Nitori: I thought I already mentioned this, 

but I'd prefer to claim this achievement for myself. 

From a partnership standpoint, Marisa's pretty easy to negotiate off. 

You have no idea how hard it is to patent something that's co-developed by multiple Kappa... 

Reisen: Interesting. Moon rabbits are pretty carefree... 

We share stuff all the time on the psychic network. 

Nitori: Well, that's one reason. 

But the other is really in credit to Marisa. 

She's a genius in her own way. 

And sometimes, you need the perspective of an <b>outsider </b>to make progress. 

Yeah, brainstorming with other Kappa is great. 

But when you really want to push the boundary, 

You'll need inspiration from all perspectives, even if they're a human. 

Reisen: I'm not sure if I could trust a human... 

Nitori: And that's why Lunarian technology is bound to be leaps behind. 

When you're stuck in a bubble, you'll never gain anything new. 

Kappa have historically been friends with the humans, so it's nothing new for us. 

Well, it also helps when the human in question isn't really a human. 

Reisen: And avoid shrine maidens? 

Nitori: Took the words right out of my mouth... 

Reisen: **Whoa a really big Personality Shard manifested! 
//+2 Personality Shards 
//Goto stage 1101 
[instruction] Stage1100