Akyu: "Am I dreaming? Or seeing nothing?" 

There was a song like that, wasn't there...? 

Reisen: Hello? 

Akyu: Good afternoon, Miss Reisen. 

I must be rather lucky today to finally meet the elusive youkai rabbit. 

Reisen: Hm? We talked earlier today, didn't we? 

Akyu: Oh, is that so? My apologies. 

It felt like such a distant time ago, I wasn't sure if we had met in this lifetime. 

Reisen: I'm pretty sure it was less than 20 minutes ago... 

Akyu: You must forgive me. My memory is in shambles today. 

Whether something had happened 10 minutes ago or 1000 years ago... 

They all feel equally close and distant... 

Reisen: Are you okay? That sounds rather bad. 

Wait what? Memories from 1000 years ago!? 

Akyu: Yes, I am a special descendant of the <b>Hieda</b> house. 

I am this era's <b>Child of Miare</b>. 

The reincarnation of the Hieda no Are, who appears once every hundred years. 

I serve to write the <b>Gensokyo Chronicle</b>. 

For that duty, I have been gifted the ability to remember all my past lives. 

Reisen: That's rather convenient. 

For a normal human, that's basically one step short of immortality. 

Akyu: Yes! It is pretty amazing! 

... Or, maybe not. 

As many memories I have of being proud of this ability, 

There are equal number of bitter moments where I have cursed this fate. 

How did the current generation me feel about it? 

I don't remember. 

Reisen: What does that mean? 

Akyu: I am a reincarnation of Hieda no Are, not the same person. 

I carry 10 people's worth of memories. 

Normally, the older memories feel much more distant.... 

And I can say, "yes, those were the thoughts of the me from 1000 years ago." 

But right now... 

I feel as though all of my past emotions and memories have blended together... 

Which generation of memories are the correct me? 

If we had talked just yesterday, am I speaking the same way today? 

Or is the me from 1000 years ago speaking to you right now? 

I don't know... 

And that thought scares me... 

Reisen: I'm... sorry to hear that...  

**Is this an effect of the simplification virus? 

 
[instruction] Stage100